So you were at school until you were how old? 16. And so we're into the war now. When the
Second World War started you were what 12? Yeah. Okay. So can you tell me any memories
of the war? Yes, when the sirens went and we were in school, we had to go down to the
cellar because that was reinforced. A lot of people had cellars unless they had the
Anderson shelters. We thought it was very, it was great fun at first until we had quite a lot of
these raids. So then we had to take our school books down to the cellars with us and lessons
were continued down there. And you had to wait for the all clear. Do you know the sound of the
sirens? Yeah. Yeah. So you had one when you had to take cover and one when it was all clear. Yes.
When the sirens first started they were... But the all clear was just one long note.
Okay. Yeah. So you knew which was which if you fell asleep.
Yes. To denote. Yes.